chore: add DpUploadFiles to Storybook. (#518)
demos-europe/demosplan-ui: src/components/core/DpUpload/DpUploadFiles.stories.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs'
import DpUploadFiles from './DpUploadFiles'

<Meta
    title="Components/UploadFiles"
    component={DpUploadFiles}
/>

# UploadFiles

> The UploadFiles component can be upload a single file or multiple files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UploadFiles component enables users to upload files by dropping them onto a designated area or by triggering the process through a button activation.
```

## Custom usage

```html

> <dp-upload-files

Reviewer: I'd suggest to only add attrs here which are required.

Author: Done in https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/518/commits/9ec9e27c8b9f8408f9ff481f42a532bc858117bf

Author: https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/518/commits/071b8c4f9a8e0498d8f3f290dcdc209075f19ff0

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs'
import DpUploadFiles from './DpUploadFiles'

<Meta
    title="Components/UploadFiles"
    component={DpUploadFiles}
/>

# UploadFiles

The UploadFiles component can be upload a single file or multiple files.

> The `allowedFileTypes` Prop allows us to choose the type of files that we want to upload.

Reviewer: I see that props within DpUploadFiles.vue are not documented equally helpful. Apart from the need to document all props, i'd opt for examples with...

- only allow zip uploads
- max file size is limited
- @file-remove and @upload-success is used

Author: Done in https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/518/commits/2999afd2b3761940bacc0dabf0dee335914801bc
Is this okay?
